so Israel's prime minister has again
rejected uh growing calls for a
ceasefire and says that the Israeli Army
will remain inside the strip when the
fighting has stopped listen to
this as far as the day after goes that
day will only arrive after destroying
Hamas Gaza will be demilitarized there
will no longer be a threat from Gaza on
Israel and to ensure there won't be such
a threat as long as necessary the
Israeli military will maintain control
of Gaza to prevent Terror from inside it
Sarah kyat joins us from occupied East
Jerusalem Sarah Israel's prime minister
talking about what he sees as a post-war
Gaza what more has he been
saying good morning sirel well he talked
about as you heard there uh having Gaza
as a demilitarized zone um he said that
currently they've managed to take
control of hamas's stronghold hold which
is the north of Gaza uh but he also said
that they don't plan to occupy Gaza of
course it had previously occupied uh
Gaza and then pulled out its troops and
the illegal Israeli settlements in 2005
so he says they don't have a plan uh to
do the same um he also said that they
would be there for a very long time even
when they get rid of Hamas that's their
plan that's their main goal and it has
been since day one um and then they will
be there for a very long time in control
they said the security situation uh
there until uh they can look at the next
step they didn't detail what that next
step is um but he did say that the
possibility the Palestinian Authority
regning Gaza uh what he wasn't in favor
of that and that that's not an option
for them that's despite the
International Community especially the
US um pushing for the possible Return of
the Palestinian Authority taking control
of uh that situation once uh Hamas had
has been in the words of the Israelis
eliminated in this statement that we've
been seeing the the kind of tone that
we're seeing is very different it's very
defiant uh towards uh what the
International Community is saying and
all of those diplomatic conversations
that are happening in the background
really effectively what he's saying is
that that's their goal and regardless of
what the International Community says
they're still going to go ahead with it
um when they talk about taking control
of security like I said it's not clear
but we already know that Israel was
under a 17-year blockade before any of
this which meant that it was an gazans
could not leave they could not enter
unless they were given permits by Israel
uh those borders are controlled by
Israel as well including those Crossings
um so really effectively um even though
they're saying it's not an occupation
for many Palestinians they're viewing it
as a potential occupation of Gaza Sara
hyat reporting from occupied East jus
thank you very much Sara